nltk 0|An Indian court on Thursday sentenced the founder of an outsourcing giant and nine others to seven years in prison each after convicting them of stealing millions of dollars in one of the largest frauds in the country's corporate history.

nltk 0|Satyam, which means "truth" in Sanskrit was once India's fourth-largest software services company, counting a third of Fortune 500 companies and the U.S. government among its clients.

nltk 1| 8 transformer thieves get 14 yrs' RI each in Sylhet.

nltk 1|Sylhet Divisional Special Tribunal Sunday afternoon sentenced eight people to 14 years' RI each for lifting electric transformers.

nltk 1|Khokan, Sohel Ahmed and Abdul Jalil of Bhatalia area of Sylhet city.

nltk 1|According to the prosecution in brief, the people of village Bolaura of Sylhet Sadar upazila caught Ripon Miah red-handed while lifting transformer from an electric pole on 25 September of 2007.

nltk 1|Divisional Special Judge of Sylhet Hossain Helal passed the judgment.

nltk 2|Criminals exploded a crude bomb in front of Moynamoti Highway Police Station on Dhaka-Chittagong highway last night, police said.

nltk 2|A team of bomb disposal unit was examining the recovered bomb,” Abdullah Al Mamun, additional superintendent of Comilla police, told reporters.

nltk 3|Two housewives were strangled by their husbands allegedly for dowry in Khulna and Comilla districts on Sunday night.

nltk 3|The victims were identified as Mita Begum, 22, wife of Gofur Malik of Magurkhona village in Dumuria upazila of Khulna, and Arzu begum, 22, wife of Giasuddin of Manikganga village in Nangolkot upazila of Comilla.

nltk 3|In Khulna, Gofur Malik, 30, picked up a quarrel with his wife Mita Begum as she refused to bring money as dowry from her parents on Sunday night, reports UNB.

nltk 3|Police arrested Gofur following a case filed by victim's father Zamir Hossain with Dumuria Police Station.

nltk 3|Police recovered the body and sent it to Comilla Sadar Hospital for autopsy.

nltk 4|A housewife was murdered allegedly for dowry at village Bisnupur under Khaliajuri upzaila Tuesday night.

nltk 4|Khaliajuri police recovered the body yesterday from a jungle near the house of the victim.

nltk 4|Niamat was arrested after a case was filed with Khaliajuri police station in this connection.

nltk 5|of Geography and Environmental Studies, University of Chittagong, for writing against this social evil (source: The Daily Star, 03-05-2010).

nltk 6|Two people were sentenced to death in Jhenidah and Narsingdi yesterday for killing wives for dowry.

nltk 6|Convict Mosharraf Hossain is son of Lutfor Rahman of Harishpur village under Shalikha upazila in Magura.

nltk 6|According to case proceedings, Joynal, son of Fazlul Haque of Tatapara village under Narsingdi Sadar upazila at one stage of altercation over dowry strangled his wife to death on November 25, 2007.

nltk 6|Fatema's father Shahjahan Mridha of Brahmandi village under Shibpur upazila filed a murder case with Narsingdi Sadar police station against seven persons.

nltk 7|A housewife was stabbed to death by her husband for dowry at Darshana Islampara village under Darshona Municipality area in Damurhuda upazila of the district on Monday.

nltk 7|A murder case was filed with Damurhuda Police station.

nltk 8|A campaign for dowry-free marriage has been launched in Dilpasha union under Bhangura upazila, thanks to the initiative of some local youths and the chairman of the union.

nltk 9|The body of Alo was sent to the Narayanganj General Hospital morgue for an autopsy.

nltk 11|Being disgusted, Khuku along with three daughters, came to her parents' house at Uttar Bhatkhawa village under Dewanganj upazila about a week ago, Lovely said.

nltk 11|Contacted, Bakshiganj police station officer in-charge (OC) Fazlul Karim said they recovered the body and sent it to Jamalpur General Hospital morgue for autopsy.

nltk 12|This interesting news item from Patna in India was published in the pages of a local English daily on May 18th.

nltk 12|It adds a new twist to the saga of dowry demands; common in India!

nltk 12|Portable Gen-Sets are a new item in the menu of dower demands claimed by the groom's parents, in power starved state of Bihar in India!

nltk 12|Considering the bleak power situation in Bangladesh now, may be this could be an interesting idea for prospective groom's parents in negotiating the items for dowry for marriage of their son.

nltk 13|Most of our illegal trade is with India through the porous border.

nltk 13|In fact, roughly 70 percent of the total imports from India come through land ports in western and eastern zones to convey the message that most of the smuggling between Bangladesh and India is through land ports.

nltk 13|Not only Bangladesh, but other countries are also scared of bootleg smuggling of alcohols, tobacco, drugs etc.

nltk 13|If one could carry some cartons of cigarettes from US to Canada, the costs of travel could easily be recouped.

nltk 13|Or a few bottles of wine from France to England might allow a comfortable stay in London.

nltk 13|Historically, Bangladesh's illegal imports from India have hovered around 30 times more that its illegal exports to India.

nltk 13|My research a couple of years back on smuggling showed that, of the total illegal imports from India, 70 per cent is "technical smuggling" and only 30 percent is "bootleg smuggling."

nltk 13|If illegal imports from India are 70 percent of legal trade, then total illegal trade can be approximated at $1.4 billion per year.

nltk 13|By consuming smuggled goods of bootleg type, we are in fact paying taxes to the Indian government.

nltk 13|Such smuggled goods carry central and state taxes of India at retail level.

nltk 13|Had these been formalised through legal imports, there would be no such taxes from Indian side and Bangladesh government would get taxes through tariffs.

nltk 14|A Dhaka court yesterday sent a doctor of Samarita Hospital to jail rejecting his bail petition in connection with a case filed for torturing his wife for dowry.

nltk 14|Moving the bail petition, his lawyers Khondker Abdul Mannan and Abdur Rahman Howlader told the court that their client had appeared before the High Court (HC) seeking anticipatory bail on June 1.

nltk 14|According to the prosecution, complainant Maksuda Khanam, a banker, in the case filed with Khilgaon Police Station on May 1 said her husband tortured her for dowry on April 15.

nltk 15|The deceased was Sheuli Rani Das, 23, daughter of Sunil Das of Nalia village of Lohagara upazila.

nltk 15|Hearing hue and cry, neighbours rushed to the spot and took her to Narail Sadar Hospital where the doctor declared her dead.

nltk 16|A housewife was beaten to death allegedly by her husband for dowry at Machhiara village in Tala upazila of Satkhira district on Tuesday night.

nltk 16|Tanjila's father filed a murder case with Tala PS.

nltk 16|In Gazipur, a garment worker was stabbed to death allegedly by her husband for dowry at Kashimpur in Sadar upazila early Wednesday.

nltk 18| Steps to bring eve-teasers to book in Chittagong.

nltk 18|Chittagong Metropolitan Police (CMP) yesterday launched a special programme to extend all-out support to the schoolgirls and wipe out the meance.

nltk 18|On the first day, the CMP arranged a rally on the premises of Dr Khastagir Girls' High School where Deputy Police Commissioner (North) Banaj Kumar Majumder was the chief guest.

nltk 18|The police commissioner said if any schoolgirl faces a difficult situation, she can take help from the law enforcers by sending SMS message to senior CMP officials like deputy commissioner (DC), assistant commissioner (AC) of the respective zone or the officer-in-charge (OC) of the respective police station.

nltk 18|Two students of the school also spoke at the rally where headmistress Hasmat Jahan, Assistant Commissioner (AC) of Kotwali zone Babul Akhter, Officer-in-Charge (OC) of Kotwali Police Station Shah Alam and teachers of the school were present.

nltk 18|Later the deputy police commissioner gave cellphone numbers of the senior police officials of Kotwali zone to the headmistress of the school.

nltk 19|A woman sued her husband and five others of his family for torturing her for dowry at Goneshpara in Dinajpur town on Monday.

nltk 19|The victim, Zeba Masum, filed the case with Dinajpur Sadar Police Station the same day accusing her husband Md Badrudoha, father-in-law advocate Abul Kashem, also a local Jamaat leader, mother-in-law Bilkis Begum, brother-in-law Marful Islam and sisters-in-law Rahenur Begum and Musfika Begum, police said.

nltk 19|Following an altercation with them over the issue on Monday morning, they physically assaulted her, she stated in the statement  Police said Zeba's father-in-law advocate Abdul Kashem is a leader of Jamaat-Islami Dinajpur district unit.

nltk 19|Hasan Shamim Iqbal, officer-in-charge of Dinajpur Sadar Police Station, said the woman filed a case against her husband and in-laws Monday afternoon, accusing them of torturing her for dowry.

nltk 19|The complainant came to the police station with injury marks in different parts of her body and took treatment at Dinajpur Medical College and Hospital under police protection, the OC added.

nltk 21|A housewife was strangulated allegedly by her husband and in-laws for dowry at Kachua Khalkand village in Jessore Sadar upazila early yesterday.

nltk 23|A housewife succumbed to burn injuries in Naogaon on Friday while another burnt severely in Khagrachhari on Saturday is fighting for life at hospital.

nltk 23|A housewife, who was set on fire allegedly by her husband for dowry, succumbed to her burn injuries at Manda upazila health complex in Naogaon on Friday night after fighting for life for 45 days.

nltk 23|The victim was identified as Shaptami Rani, 22, wife of Nikhil Chandra, 28, of Tantipara in Joypurhat town, reports our Dinajpur correspondent.

nltk 23|Family sources said, Shaptami, daughter of Biswanath Chandra of Prashadpur village in Manda upazila of Naogaon district, was married off with Nikhil Chandra, son of Nibaron Chandra, about four years ago.

nltk 23|Later, she was shifted to Manda upazila health complex where she died at about 9pm on Friday.

nltk 23|Victim's father filed a case with Joypurhat police station at night.

nltk 23|In Khagrachhari, a teenage housewife was set ablaze by her husband for dowry on Saturday evening at Pailotfarm in Panchhari upazila, reports our correspondent.

nltk 23|Victim Rahima Bagum, 18, wife of Mohammad Jamal Hossain, is now fighting for life with severe burn injuries at Khagrachhari Adhunik Sadar Hospital.

nltk 23|Rahima was rushed to Panchhari upazila health complex.

nltk 23|The duty doctor there referred her to Khagrachhari Adhunik Sadar Hospital yesterday noon as her condition became critical.

nltk 23|Residential Medical Officer at Panchhari upazila health complex Dr. Bidorshi Chakma told this correspondent that 40 percent of Rahima's body sustained severe burn.

nltk 23|Contacted, officer in-charge of Panchhari police station Alamgir Hossain said police arrested Jamal and Jahanara after the victim's mother, Rufia Bagum, filed a case in this regard.

nltk 24|Islamic State has stepped up bombings in Iraq in retaliation for a US-backed campaign that dislodged the hardline Sunni group from most Iraqi cities it took over in 2014.

nltk 24|The militants also control parts of neighbouring Syria.

nltk 25| Wife strangled for dowry in Barisal.

nltk 25|Police recovered the body at noon and sent it to Barisal Sher-e-Bangla Medical College Hospital morgue for autopsy.

nltk 26|Nila was married to one Akbar Hossain, an ex-expatriate from Saudi Arabia.

nltk 26|Today, March 3rd, I read another sad story in the Daily Star, about a 22 years old housewife, with a 3 year old, child who died at Dhaka Medical College hospital on February 22.

nltk 26|After six months, Manik and his family demanded Tk One lakh again for sending Manik to Saudi Arabia.

nltk 26|These sorts of news reports from Bangladesh are the worst sorts of criminal stories one can read about in the Bangladeshi media.

nltk 26|We know life is tough and poverty is rampant but Bangladesh was never such a land of criminals as it is today than it was, say 35 years ago, even though economically the country is much better off than it ever has been.

nltk 26|Corruption and criminality seem to be the way of life in Bangladesh.

nltk 26|Let Bangladesh government and the civil society ponder for a while, and let them do something to cure, at least, the two above mentioned diseases.

nltk 26|But in a country like Bangladesh, and when acid throwing and setting fire to women have become common, I strongly recommend that capital punishment be the only punishment for such crimes.

nltk 26|Girls from Bangladesh's Hindu community were the victims of this crime for centuries.

nltk 26|There should be laws, if there are no such laws as yet in Bangladesh, that forbid acid throwing, setting fire and dowry taking.

nltk 26|It is time that Bangladesh learns to respect and protect her woman folk.

nltk 26|Tayeb Husain writes from Sweden.

nltk 27|Two women have been brutally tortured allegedly by their husbands and in-laws for dowry in Panchagarh and Thakurgaon districts.

nltk 27|In Panchagarh, Laily Begum, wife of Md Manik of Tulardanga in Panchagarh municipality, was tortured by her husband and in-laws on December 27 in 2011 as she refused to bring Tk one lakh in dowry from her parents.

nltk 27|On January 9, Laily filed a case with Panchagarh Chief Judicial Magistrate's Court, accusing her husband Manik, his elder brother Khokon, father in-law Ramizuddin, mother in-law Rowshan and sister in-law Lucky.

nltk 27|In Thakurgaon, Jasmin Begum, 30, wife of Abul Kalam of Chit Chilarang village in Sadar upazila, sustained serious burn injuries allegedly as her dowry-greedy husband and in-laws poured hot water on her on Tuesday.

nltk 27|Hearing screams, neighbours rushed to the house and took her to Thakurgaon Sadar Hospital.

nltk 27|Meanwhile, a housewife was killed allegedly by her husband over a family feud at Joytul village in Kahalu upazila of Bogra on Wednesday Morning, reports UNB.

nltk 28|Brutally tortured, her head forcibly shaven allegedly by dowry-greedy husband and in-laws at Molankhori Majhipara village in Thakurgaon Sadar upazila on Friday, newlywed Khadiza Begum is undergoing treatment at Thakurgaon Sadar Hospital.

nltk 28|Police arrested the victim's husband Moshiur Rahman on Wednesday night after her father Yasin Ali filed a case with Thakurgaon Police Station in this connection the same day.

nltk 28|Hearing the news from neighbours, Khadiza's parents rescued her from her in-laws house and admitted her to Thakurgaon Sadar Hospital on Tuesday.

nltk 29|A 29-year old woman lost her life in Narsingdi yesterday after her dowry demanding husband beat her up and allegedly forced her to drink poison.

nltk 29|Suraiya Akhter, 28, a mother of two from Joshor village under Shibpur upazila, died on the way to the local hospital.

nltk 29|A case has been filed in this regard with Shibpur thana.

nltk 29|Police sent the body to Narsingdi Sadar Hospital for an autopsy.

nltk 30|A housewife was set afire allegedly by in-laws for dowry at Sahebganj in Bakerganj upazila of Barisal district on Saturday night.

nltk 30|The victim, Asma Begum, 26, wife of Jewel Bepari, was first admitted to Barisal Sher-e-Bangla Medical College and Hospital (SBMCH) and then shifted to the burn unit of Dhaka Medical College and Hospital (DMCH).

nltk 30|Monwar Hossain, cousin of the victim, filed a case with Bakerganj Police Station yesterday under Women and Children Repression Prevention Act.

nltk 31|A newly married woman was killed by her husband over dowry at Char Koijuri village in Shahjadpur upazila on Thursday night.

nltk 32|Domestic violence against women, especially violence perpetrated by husbands for dowry, is a serious problem in Bangladesh.

nltk 32|He is also a regular columnist in newspapers  In recognition of his contributions to literature, Idris was awarded the Atish Dipankar Gold Medal in 2003 and honoured by many other organisations including Bangladesh Writers' Foundation in folk-literature in 2005.

nltk 33|A housewife succumbed to her injuries after her husband allegedly set her on fire for dowry in Anantaram village of Rangpur.

nltk 33|Hearing her screams, neighbours rushed to the house and took her to Rangpur Medical College Hospital where she died on Thursday evening.

nltk 33|Golam Mostafa, director of Rangpur Medical College Hospital, said she suffered 100 percent burn injuries.

nltk 33|Najmul Islam, victim's younger brother, lodged a case in this connection with Pirgachha Police Station.

nltk 34| College girl killed for 'dowry' in Pabna.

nltk 34|Family members and relatives wail as college girl Rumana Khatun was brutally murdered allegedly by her dowry-greedy husband and in-laws at Bakchipara village in Pabna Sadar upazila yesterday.

nltk 34|A second year student of Pabna Islamia College, Rumana Khatun, 18, was wife of Awkat Hossain of the village and daughter of Rafikul Islam of the area.

nltk 34|The body was sent to Pabna Medical College Hospital morgue for autopsy, he said.

nltk 35| Arson, bomb attack on vehicles continue in Bangladesh.

nltk 35|Abul Kalam Azad, 40, who was injured in a petrol bomb attack in Gaibandha Friday night, died at Rangpur Medical College Hospital yesterday afternoon.

nltk 35|Truck helper Hasib, 30, who was injured in a similar attack Saturday night in Bogra, died early yesterday at Shaheed Ziaur Rahman Medical College Hospital.

nltk 35|Criminals hurled at least three crude bombs at India-Bangladesh train Maitree Express in Ishwardi yesterday afternoon when it was heading towards Dhaka from Kolkata.

nltk 35|Meanwhile, Gaibandha police filed a case on Saturday against 90 leaders and activists of the 20-party alliance in connection with the petrol bomb attack on a bus on Friday night that killed eight people and critically injured 14 others.

nltk 35|In Dhaka, eight people were injured in three separate bomb attacks in Shaheednagar, TSC and Matshya Bhaban areas.

nltk 35|Besides, two alleged blockaders sustained bullet injuries in police fire when they attempted to hurl bombs at a police vehicle in Jatrabari.

nltk 35|In a similar incident, another person got shot in the leg in Shaheed Minar area last night.

nltk 35|An Ansar member was injured in a bomb attack in Uttara.

nltk 35|In Comilla, two Jamaat activists sustained bullet injuries and a police officer was injured in a gunfight between them at Adra union of Langolkot upazila early yesterday.

nltk 35|In Khulna, police arrested five Shibir men with four petrol bombs at the city's Alia Madrasa dormitory in Rupsha area early yesterday.

nltk 35|In Narayanganj, police arrested a youth with five petrol bombs in Siddhirganj area.

nltk 35|In Chittagong, a mob caught a person who was allegedly throwing a homemade bomb and beat him up in the city's Gool Pahar area yesterday afternoon.

nltk 35|They arrested 16 BNP-Jamaat men and a ward councillor at the city and other upazilas of Chittagong yesterday.

nltk 35|In Noakhali, a trader was injured in a petrol bomb attack in the town and a crude bomb blew off the roof of the witnesses' shed at the District Judge Court.

nltk 35|In Feni, a truck helper and a lorry driver sustained burn injuries in separate petrol bomb attacks at Silonia Bazar of Daganbhuiyan upazila and in Kazir Dhighi area of Feni.

nltk 35|A truck was torched in Senbagh yesterday and alleged blockaders also set fire to a bus at Pachgachiya Bazar Saturday night.

nltk 35|In Tangail, Rab recovered five petrol bombs from the home of a former Chhatra Dal activist at Sakhipur upazila early yesterday.

nltk 35|In Satkhira, police arrested at least 44 people including district Jamaat Ameer Khalek Mandal.

nltk 35|In Dinajpur, alleged blockaders burnt a lorry and beat up the driver and the helper in Amtoli area of Chirirbandar upazila early yesterday.

nltk 35|They also attacked an auto-rickshaw with a petrol bomb and torched a battery run three-wheeler in Baniapara of Biral on Saturday night.

nltk 36|Brutally tortured by dowry-greedy husband and in-laws, mother of a three-month-old son died at Galachipa Upazila Health Complex yesterday noon.

nltk 36|The victim, Rubina Begum, 22, daughter of late Abdul Jalil Sarder of Poshurbunia village under Rangabali upazila in the district, was married with Ferdous of nearby Rasulpur village three years ago, police and family sources said.

nltk 36|Hearing the matter, Rafique brought Rubina to Galachipa Upazila Health Complex on Monday morning and she died there.

nltk 36|Contacted, Shishir Kumer Paul, officer in charge of Galachipa Police Station, said they sent the body to Patuakhali General Hospital morgue for autopsy.

nltk 37|Two housewives were murdered allegedly by their husbands and in-laws for dowry in Ramgati upazila of Laxmipur district on Monday night.

nltk 37|Siddik filed a case with Ramgati Police Station on Tuesday.

nltk 38|A housewife was killed by her husband and in-laws allegedly for dowry in Sarishabari upazila of the district on Wednesday.

nltk 38|Police arrested Farid and his elder sister Moyna Begum from the house suspecting their involvement in the killing, said Officer-in-Charge (OC) Rezaul Islam of Sarishabari Police Station.

nltk 38|Deceased's family members said Rabeya' father Moyen Uddin of Sharsha upazila in Jessore paid Farid Tk 1.5 lakh during their marriage three years ago.

nltk 39|While there have been ample studies done by social and economic groups to discover the mystery, in rural Bangladesh this can sometimes turn out to be very little.

nltk 40|Many Asian countries, including Bangladesh, India, Pakistan, Sri Lanka and Nepal, follow the practice of dowry.

nltk 40|The social customs in Bangladesh are such that in the 21st century a husband consumed by greed can brutally murder his wife when her family cannot meet the dowry demand.

nltk 40|We read and hear about horrific dowry-related deaths in Bangladesh.

nltk 40|This is happening today in Bangladesh.

nltk 40|It is well documented that since the independence of Bangladesh the dowry problem has become more acute.

nltk 40|Despite the passing of such laws dowry related violence has increased in Bangladesh.

nltk 40|Zeenat Khan is a freelance writer based in the United States.

nltk 41|A housewife was killed allegedly by her husband for dowry at Borhanpur village under Madhabpur upazila of Habiganj on Tuesday.

nltk 41|Family members took him to Madhabpur Upazila Health Complex, where the doctors declared her to dead.

nltk 41|Sub-inspector Kamrul Islam of Madhabpur Police Station police arrested Rais on Wednesday night, following a case filed by the victim's father accusing Hossain and his parents.

nltk 42|This was the culmination of the torture Ripa Rani Pandit, 23, had been suffering since her marriage with Ratan Pandit, of Adompur in Kotiadi upazila under Kishoreganj district, nearly eight months back.

nltk 42|Ratan stood nearby as the tragedy unfolded on Sunday, said Ripa's maternal aunt Baby Pandit who has been attending to her at Dhaka Medical College Hospital.

nltk 42|Ripa's in-laws Rabindra Pandit and Kalyani Pandit themselves took her to a Kishoreganj hospital and then shifted her to DMCH on Monday.

nltk 42|Ripa's father who has a small clothing store at Netrokona gave her in-laws Tk 1.1 lakh and two tolas of gold ornament while marrying her off to Ratan, said her brother Opu at the hospital.

nltk 43|The victim, Habiba Khatun, 16, daughter of Hafizur Rahman of Dakkhin Kalitola in Naogaon municipality, is now battling for her life at the bed of Naogaon General Hospital.

nltk 43|She secured GPA-5 in her PSC and JSC and was to attend SSC examinations from PM Girls' High School in Naogaon as a science group candidate this year, but could not, said the father.

nltk 43|After six days, Habiba's parents found her at the house of a relative of her husband in Rajshahi.

nltk 43|"We admitted her to Rajshahi Medical College Hospital (RMCH) where she stayed in life support for 16 days," said the father.

nltk 43|"We took her home in Naogaon from RMCH.

nltk 43|But she was admitted to Naogaon General Hospital on February 24 as her condition was deteriorating.

nltk 43|"Dr Arshad Hossain of the hospital said my daughter needs to be taken to Dhaka immediately for proper treatment," said Habiba's father.

nltk 43|"The girl's father filed a case with Naogaon Sadar Police Station on February 6 accusing Ovi and his parents.

nltk 43|Police have already arrested Ovi and his father and trying to arrest Ovi's mother who has gone into hiding," said Md Tariqul Islam, officer in charge of Naogaon Sadar Police Station.

nltk 44|Judge Md Rafiqul Islam of Women and Children Repression Prevention Tribunal delivered the verdict against Kanchon Halder, 35, son of Dulal Halder of Vati Luxmipur area in Faridpur town.

nltk 44|The victim's father filed a case with Faridpur Sadar Police Station on that day.

nltk 46|Eight people were burned, two of them badly, in Comilla yesterday in a mindless petrol bomb attack on a running bus, bringing to mind the disturbing images of such attacks during the BNP-led opposition's countrywide blockade early this year.

nltk 46|The attack near Bangladesh Jute Research Centre on Dhaka-Chittagong highway at Chandina happened around midnight, when most of the people were offering Shab-e-Barat prayers.

nltk 46|Police detained two local Jamaat leaders for questioning, said Shah Abid Hossain, superintendent of Comilla police.

nltk 46|They are taking treatment at the intensive care unit of the burn unit of Dhaka Medical College Hospital.

nltk 46|Zahirul Islam and Lovely Akhter, a couple from Narayanganj, took primary treatment at Comilla Medical College Hospital, Comilla police said quoting doctors there.

nltk 46|The Unique Paribahan bus, with around 40 people on board, was heading from Dhaka to Rangamati, said Abid.

nltk 46|I escaped through the door as the front part was not on fire,” he told this correspondent at the DMCH, adding that the bus left had Dhaka around 9:45pm.

nltk 46|At that time, several attacks took place in different parts of Comilla.

nltk 46|THE VICTIMS  Critically injured Anjan is an adviser at Bishwo Shahitto Kendro and Ranjit a teacher at Rangamati Government Women's College.

nltk 46|The other victims are Imran Hossain, an LGED employee (15 percent burns); Suman Chandra Nath, a textile engineer of Rangamati (15 percent burns); Khokon Chakma of Rangamati (16 percent burns) and Bazlur Rahman, a day labourer of Jhenidah (four percent burns).

nltk 46|His younger brother Ranjan Dey said for the last few weeks Anjan had been travelling to Rangamati frequently to see their ailing mother.

nltk 46|Meanwhile, officials of police, Rab and Border Guard Bangladesh held a meeting at Chandina Police Station in the afternoon and decided to launch a joint operation to hunt down the attackers, reports a Comilla correspondent.

nltk 47|The 24-year-old victim, Radharani Chowhan seemed to have stopped talking as The Daily Star correspondent visited her at Mymensingh Medical College Hospital (MMCH) where she has been undergoing treatment.

nltk 47|Daughter of late Harilal Chowhan, of Kacharipara in Nalitabari upazila of Sherpur district, Radha married Arun Chowhan, son of Sreeprasad Chowhan of Haluaghat upazila in Mymensingh, nearly six years ago.

nltk 47|Hearing Radha scream, people from the neighbourhood rushed to the spot and took her to Haluaghat Upazila Health Complex.

nltk 47|She was immediately shifted to the MMCH as her condition was critical, Sanjib said, adding that Arun himself took her to Mymensingh but after her admission to the hospital, he fled.

nltk 47|Meanwhile, Sanjib lodged a case with Haluaghat Police Station against Arun's father Sreeprasad, mother Joysna Chowhan and younger brother Barun Chowhan.

nltk 47|The arrestees were then produced before a Mymensingh court that sent them to jail.

nltk 48|A housewife and her infant daughter were confined to a locked room for five days without food by her husband and his mother at Khutamara village under Jaldhaka upazila of the district.

nltk 48|Dimla upazila nirbahi officer (UNO) rescued them yesterday after hearing of the matter from some local people.

nltk 48|“On that night, my husband went to Dhaka with his lover and started living there in a relative's rented house passing as a married couple.

nltk 48|Learning of the matter from some local youths, Jaldhaka UNO Rasedul Huq Prodhan directed the Khutamara Union Parishad (UP) chairman and village police to rescue them, but they failed.

nltk 48|“I rescued the housewife and her minor daughter, who were very weak, and sent them to Dimla Upazila Health Complex,” the UNO said, adding that the culprits must be brought to book.

nltk 48|Officer-in-Charge (investigation) of Jaldhaka Police Station Mofiz uddin said the victim's family is preparing to file a complaint with the police station.

nltk 49|Tushti, a first-semester student of MBA at Dhaka University, was admitted to Dhaka Medical College and Hospital after her in-laws tortured her for dowry in front of her mother and brother who were assaulted as well.

nltk 49|Sakhawat Hossain Shohag, a police officer in Narsingdi, has been jailed for torturing his wife for more dowry.

nltk 49|DOWRY IN BANGLADESH  The practice of dowry is one of the most evil forms of social ills to pervade Bangladeshi society.

nltk 49|Bangladesh, where a quarter of the 160 million population lives below $2 per day, poverty, lack of education and the low status of women are inherently tied to one another.

nltk 49|Dowry in South Asia and in Bangladesh can be classified into three categories.

nltk 49|In Bangladesh's context, dowry includes money, jewellery, furniture, household items, cars, apartment, land, expenses, etc, either paid voluntarily or on demand to the groom's family.

nltk 49|CHILD MARRIAGE AND DOWRY  The spate of dowry-related deaths and torture cannot be separated from the epidemic of child marriage in Bangladesh.

nltk 49|UNICEF ranks Bangladesh fourth highest in the world when it comes to the rate of child marriage.

nltk 49|Natural disasters such as earthquakes, cyclones, floods and droughts are a common occurrence in Bangladesh and it's not uncommon for the poverty-stricken, who are particularly vulnerable to such phenomena, to lose their livelihood, land, and property in the aftermath of such unfortunate events.

nltk 50|Cricketer Arafat Sunny secured bail after he surrendered before a Dhaka court today in connection with a dowry case filed by a woman who claims to be his wife.

nltk 50|After hearing the complaint, Dhaka Metropolitan Magistrate Md Raihan Ul Islam summoned him to appear before the court today (April 5).

nltk 50|On the same day, another Dhaka court placed Sunny on a one-day remand in another case filed in January by Nasrin Sultana under Information and Communication Technology Act.

nltk 51|But the single image of Fatema Akter Liya of Tangail, her shaven head exposing grievous injuries, in this newspaper, sums up everything that has gone wrong with our society.

nltk 52|After hearing the case complaint, Dhaka Metropolitan Magistrate MD Raihan Ul Islam summoned the cricketer to appear before it on April 5 for hearing.

nltk 52|SUNNY DENIES ALLEGATIONS IN REMAND  During remand today, Arafat Sunny denied all allegations placed against him and claimed he did not send Nasrin Sultana any photos, said Md Yahia, investigation officer of the case filed under ICT act.

nltk 52|MARRIAGE CERTIFICATE DEEMED FAKE  There is no marriage registrar's office in the location, 20/B Meradia in Dhaka’s Khilgaon area, mentioned in the marriage certificate that the plaintiff earlier produced before the court as evidence of her claim.

nltk 53|As per the draft law, one would face maximum life-term sentence or up to 12 years' imprisonment and fine for seriously hurting a woman over dowry, Cabinet Secretary Mohammad Shafiul Alam told reporters after the cabinet approved the proposed law at its weekly meeting at the Bangladesh Secretariat.

nltk 53|Mitali Jahan of Bangladesh National Women Lawyers Association (BNWLA) said there are already such provisions of punishments in the Women and Children Repression Act and the Code of Criminal Procedure (CrPC) about provoking someone to commit suicide or injuring someone.

nltk 54|It is unfortunate that after long 45 years of Independence, Bangladeshi women are still facing various forms of gender discrimination and gender-based violence in their everyday life.

nltk 54|In the most recent case a man cut off his wife's tongue and slashed the tendon of her left leg for Tk 5 lakh dowry in Sylhet.

nltk 54|The statistics along with the shocking tale of brutality speak aloud about the vulnerability of Bangladeshi women in the domestic sphere.

nltk 55| Eve teasing in Khulna.

nltk 55|During the summer vacation of my college, I had to take my son to his school for some days and during his school hours I used to wait a park named 'Bandhan' situated just beside the Khulna passport office and near the 'Morning Bell School' where my son is enrolled.

nltk 56|Bangladesh National Women Lawyers Association (BNWLA) Executive Director Advocate Salma Ali said violence against women primarily occurs because of patriarchal mindset of people.

nltk 57|Rapid Action Battalion claimed to have arrested an improvised explosive device (IED) expert of Jama'atul Mujahideen Bangladesh (JMB) in the capital's Uttara early yesterday.

nltk 57|Son of a late civil engineer of Comilla's Burichang, Mushfiqur got admitted to computer science and engineering department at Buet in 2005, but did not complete his studies.

nltk 57|The 15 JMB men's target was a government establishment near Dhaka Cantonment, Jahangir claimed.

nltk 57|Following the arrest of his associates, Mushfiqur went into hiding in Sylhet and Brahmanbaria, said Rab.

nltk 57|On information, a team of Rab-10 arrested him from his house in Sector-12 of Uttara around 8:30am.

nltk 57|Responding to a question whether Mushfiqur had any connection with the bomb explosion near “Atia Mahal” during army-led “Operation Twilight” in Sylhet, the Rab official said they would interrogate him about the issue.

nltk 59|Dipak Kumar Das, a sub-inspector of the Detective Branch of police, who headed the investigation into the case, filed the report with the Chief Metropolitan Magistrate’s Court of Dhaka this afternoon.

nltk 59|The joyous celebration of the Bangalee's biggest festival -- Pahela Baishakh -- was tainted by incidents of sexual assault on women on the Dhaka University campus on the evening of April 14 this year, sparking widespread public outrage.

nltk 59|Witnesses said some 30 to 40 rowdy youths assaulted and sexually harassed around 20 women for about one hour at the Suhrawardy Udyan gate near the TSC area around 6:00pm.

nltk 59|However, Dhaka Metropolitan Police Commissioner Mohammad Asaduzzaman Miah claimed no incident of sexual assault took place on the campus on Tuesday.

nltk 59|DMP installed around 19 CCTV cameras in the Shahbagh area with three to four cameras positioned right around the spot, said Sirajul Islam, officer-in-charge of Shahbagh Police Station.

nltk 59|Liton Nandi, president of Bangladesh Chhatra Union's DU unit, said a group of youths tore off almost the whole of a 25-year-old woman's clothes in front of the Suhrawardy Udyan gate.

nltk 60| One-third of Japanese working women sexually harassed: survey.

nltk 60|One-third of Japanese working women have experienced sexual harassment at their place of employment, though nearly two-thirds of these women suffer in silence, a survey has showed.

nltk 60|The results of the first-of-its-kind study commissioned by Japan's Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare, came as Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has pledged to support working women to kickstart the country's struggling economy.

nltk 60|Economists have said for years that Japan needs to make better use of its well-educated but underemployed women, which could go a long way toward plugging the country's labour gap as the country faces an ageing and declining population.

nltk 60|In speech after speech, Abe has urged the country to open up to "womenomics", encouraging some of Japan's biggest firms -- including Toyota, Panasonic and All Nippon Airways -- to announce targets for boosting the number of female executives.

nltk 60|Japan was ranked 101 out of 145 in the Global Gender Gap Index 2015, released by World Economic Forum, lower than Suriname and Azerbaijan.

nltk 61|Following the case filed by an AUST alumnus, Kalabagan police arrested him the same day.

nltk 62|A four-and-half-year-old boy sustained serious injuries after he was sexually harassed by a youth at Sabujbagh in the city yesterday.

nltk 62|Locals rushed the boy to Dhaka Medical College Hospital where he underwent a surgery is still under treatment.

nltk 62|The culprit Parvez, 24, was beaten up and handed over to Sabujbagh police.

nltk 62|Parvez resides on a footpath near AGB colony in Motijheel.

nltk 62|The victim's mother said the culprit lured her son with biscuits and took him away from her to a nearby house in Kadamtali area when she was breaking bricks there.

nltk 62|Officer-in-charge (OC) Mohammad Asaduzzaman of Sabujbagh Police Station said they interrogated Parvez, and he admitted the crime.

nltk 64|A student of class ten in a written complaint to the UNO alleged that her school's acting headmaster has harassed her sexually in his house at Keonchia village in Satkania upazila of the district.

nltk 64|Police said the girl made complaint on July 27 for taking action against the teacher of Chadaha Keonchia High School.

nltk 64|The team also took the teacher along with the schoolgirl and her guardians to Satkania Police Station in this regard.

nltk 65|A Dhaka University teacher has been sacked following an accusation of sexual harassment of a student of his department.

nltk 65|Meanwhile, the meeting also suspended Md Omor Faruk, an assistant professor of Islamic history and culture department, on charges of plagiarising his PhD Thesis from the research of two Turkish professors, Dr Maksud Kamal said.

nltk 65|A five-member committee led by the pro-VC of Dhaka University has been formed to investigate the incident and understand the gravity of the misconduct after the Turkish professors informed the department of the issue.

nltk 67|An allegation of sexual harassment to four girl students of Kandirhat High School in Pirgacha upazila was brought against their teacher Nurul Haque, also Ameer of Kandi union unit of Jamaat-e-Islami.

nltk 67|Kandirhat High School assistant teacher Nurul Haque allegedly harassed the four students of class X of the school on different days after private tuition at his house.

nltk 68| 10 bombs, 2 grenades defused in Comilla militant den.

nltk 68|A bomb disposal team defused 10 bombs and two grenades at a militant den in Bagmara area of Comilla this afternoon.

nltk 68|The bomb disposal unit of Chittagong Metropolitan Police (CMP) defused the explosives after they started their work around 9:15am, our Comilla correspondent reports quoting Chittagong range Deputy Inspector General Shafiqul Islam.

nltk 68|The team led by Mohammad Sakhawat Hossain, additional deputy inspector general of police of Chittagong Range will brief journalists in this regard around 5:30pm.

nltk 68|READ ALSO: Grenade, bomb, suicide vest found in Comilla ‘militant den’

nltk 69|In Bangladesh, the major risk factors for street harassment are social format, unimproved street lighting, inadequate use of technology (less cctv monitoring), gender role of the society, violence-supportive attitude and cultural norms of the society, culture of insecurity, economic inequality, drug abuse, addiction to pornography, religious fundamentalism, inadequate and less enforcement of laws, lethargic role of police, less public awareness programs, overall less public-safety measures in the streets.

nltk 69|The writer is Lecturer of Law, Bangladesh Open University.

nltk 70|An allegation of sexual harassment to four girl students of Kandirhat High School in Pirgacha upazila was brought against their teacher Nurul Haque, also Ameer of Kandi union unit of Jamaat-e-Islami.

nltk 70|Kandirhat High School assistant teacher Nurul Haque allegedly harassed the four students of class X of the school on different days after private tuition at his house.

nltk 71|Dhaka University as an independent body, it could take necessary steps to prevent such occurrences to ensure a secure environment for female students, said Executive Director of Steps Towards Development Ranjan Karmakar.

nltk 72|The survey, jointly done by the Bangladesh Bureau of Statistics and United Nations Population Fund, covered all the seven divisions of the country.

nltk 72|"My friend was nearly raped the other day," said Shejuti Hridi, a student at a Chittagong university.

nltk 72|Asked for her comments, Ayesha Khanam, president of Bangladesh Mahila Parishad, said women's attire was not the issue here.

nltk 72|Ruma, an official in a private company in the capital, said she nearly broke down in tears on a bus recently because when she tried to get a seat reserved for women from a man occupying it, he flung degrading comments at her.

nltk 72|Anamika Alam of Barabkunda village of Sitakunda in Chittagong told The Daily Star that the situation was just the same in the villages.

nltk 73|Street Harassment is Still Serious:  The violation of women in  Dhaka's public realm    Sexual harassment on the streets is also a form of violence, argues OLINDA HASSAN.

nltk 73|Zahedul I Khan The laws governing violence against women have made their presence in Bangladesh.

nltk 73|Violence against women has a history in Bangladesh.

nltk 73|It is also something that women face worldwide; The Egyptian Center for Women's Rights reported that 83% of their women faced street harassment at least once in their life, and similar statistics were found for South Africa, Mexico and France, to name a few.

nltk 73|With urbanisation and the rapid population growth in Dhaka, women inevitably become more prominent in the streets.

nltk 73|This trend is certainly a triumph in the modern women's movement of Bangladesh.

nltk 73|It is very evident therefore, that the ratio of the two genders in the streets of Dhaka is still overwhelmingly in favour of men.

nltk 73|As one male student in his third year at Dhaka University (anonymous) explained after asking him about street harassment, “these women are not supposed to be in the streets, so of course they are going to get harassed.

nltk 73|Bryony Beynon from London of HollaBack, a worldwide technology-driven anti-harassment movement that first began in New York explained to The Guardian (March 8, 2011) how "people need to understand that street harassment has nothing to do with sex and everything to do with power."

nltk 73|Aisha Zakira, the founder of HollaBack in Mumbai in their press release explained how street harassment incidents “are rarely reported, and are culturally accepted as 'the price you pay' for being a woman and living in a city like Mumbai.” She further went on to explain how this type of violence is a “gateway crime” which creates a “cultural environment which makes gender-based violence okay,” and how while a legal method exists in countries like India and Bangladesh to tackle abuse at work or home, “when it comes to the streets -- all bets are off.” Women are also being told to ignore by other women, as commonly observed by mothers and other older female family members.

nltk 73|Let us assume that public transportation has suddenly become much safer in Bangladesh, for men and women: the rate of hijacking, robbery and threat has significantly decreased, if any at all still occur.

nltk 73|This question must be asked because, along with violence against women being part of the country's history, oppressing women by forcing preventative measures (such as ignoring violators) have also become rooted in the historical culture of Bangladesh.

nltk 73|Women are increasingly sharing the household income and participating in higher education in Dhaka, a city that is also urbanising at a rapid rate and in a suffocating way.

nltk 73|The consequence of ignorance is the continuation of a type of crime that while it may not be considered violent, is as cruel as any other form of violence against women in Dhaka today.

nltk 73|Olinda Hassan studied Political Science at Wellesley College, USA, and is currently a Fulbright Fellow in Bangladesh.

nltk 74|The Dhaka University authorities today terminated theatre and performance studies department chairman Prof Saiful Islam for "sexually harassing" a female student.

nltk 75|A Gazipur mobile court yesterday jailed a security staff of Kishori Unnayan Kendra for one year on charges of physically and sexually harassing the inhabitants of the centre.

nltk 75|The convict is Kawser Bhuiyan, 30, son of Harish Bhuiyan of Kishoreganj's Abdullahpur village.

nltk 75|Executive Magistrate in Gazipur Snigdha Talukder passed the order.

nltk 76|Two Rajshahi University teachers were suspended last night on charges of sexually harassing some female students.

nltk 77|The incidents of sexual harassment ( of students by teachers) in Rajshahi, Dhaka, BUET, Jahangirnagar and other universities have occurred over the decades, reminding us how little we have done to ensure the security of female students on campus.

nltk 78|Bangladesh Mahila Parishad (BMP) President Ayesha Khanam yesterday urged all the university authorities to implement the sexual harassment protection policy at university level.

nltk 78|She was addressing at a press conference titled 'Women trafficking and sexual harassment' at GDRC auditorium in Rajshahi.

nltk 78|Bangladesh Mahila Parishad of Rajshahi University (RU) unit and Rajshahi district unit jointly organised the press conference.

nltk 78|BMP expressed deep concern over the rise of women harassment incidents in recent time in Bangladesh.

nltk 78|They presented a survey report covering the period of January to June 2008 of greater Rajshahi district and mentioned that in January a total of 26 incidents including rape, abduction, killing, trafficking and suicide occurred and 36 incidents occurred in June.

nltk 78|They mentioned that incidents of women and children trafficking also increased in Rajshahi and Chapainawabganj area.

nltk 79| 7 killed in suicide bomb attack at Pakistan court.

nltk 79|At least seven people were killed when multiple Taliban suicide bombers attacked a court complex in northern Pakistan yesterday, the latest in a series of assaults which have raised fears militants are regrouping.

nltk 79|The attack was claimed by the Jamaat-ul-Ahrar (JuA) faction of the Pakistani Taliban, which carried out a series of apparently coordinated assaults last week including a powerful bomb blast in Lahore which killed 14 people.

nltk 79|Earlier this month the group vowed a fresh offensive on targets in Pakistan including the judiciary.

nltk 79|Lawyers and the judiciary are frequent targets in Pakistan.

nltk 79|Police and troops had been on high alert in Pakistan after last week's wave of attacks, which killed more than 100 people.

nltk 79|Most, including the Lahore bomb, were claimed by JuA, a faction of the Tehreek-e-Taliban Pakistan (TTP, or Pakistani Taliban) group.

nltk 79|The emergence of IS and a TTP resurgence would be a major blow to Pakistan, which had enjoyed a dramatic improvement in security over the past two years after a military-led crackdown begun in 2014.

nltk 79|Islamabad launched a violent crackdown in the wake of the recent attacks, saying it killed dozens of "terrorists" and carried out strikes on militant hideouts along the border with Afghanistan.

nltk 81|Bangladesh Mahila Parishad (BMP) has strongly demanded formulation of a new act to implement the policy initiated by the University Grants Commission (UGC) to resist sexual harassment in higher educational institutions.

nltk 81|In the wake of some recent sexual harassment incidents in the universities of Dhaka, Jahangirnagar, Rajshahi and Shahjalal Science and Technology, and some other educational institutions, the government requested the UGC to formulate a policy against sexual harassment in higher educational institutions.

nltk 82|Gaibandha district community policing committee yesterday brought out a big procession in the town to create public awareness against eve teasing.

nltk 82|After the procession, a discussion meeting was held at Gaibandha Public Library Hall which was presided by M Abdus Salam, convener of Gaibandha community policing committee.

nltk 82|DIG of Rajshahi range Md Mokhlesur Rahman was present as chief guest.

nltk 82|Among others, Gaibandha Police Superintendent Mollah Nazrul Islam addressed the meeting.

nltk 83|Yet another theft occurred at Sri Kali O Shib Mandir in the city's Sutrapur early yesterday.

nltk 84|Burglars stole surgical instruments from the Operating Theatre (OT) of Dhaka Medical College Hospital's (DMCH) Neurology Department sometime between Wednesday afternoon and yesterday morning.

nltk 84|Sub-inspector Wahidur Rahman Majumdar of Shahbagh Police Station said burglars breaking open the grills on the backside of the OT room stole at least 37 types of instruments.

nltk 84|A case was filed with the Shahbagh police station but none was arrested.

nltk 85|We have lodged a case with Lalmonirhat Sadar Police Station in this regard."

nltk 85|Mahfuzur Rahman, officer-in-charge of Lalmonirhat Sadar Police Station, said police are trying to arrest the thieves and recover the ornaments stolen from the temple.

nltk 86| Burglary at Gaibandha ADC's house.

nltk 87| Burglary at DBBL ATM booth in Kushtia.

nltk 87|Masked robbers looted Tk 3.18 lakh by breaking an ATM booth of Dutch Bangla Bank Limited (DBBL) at Panchrastar More intersection in the town early Tuesday.

nltk 87|Nazrul Islam, manager of the bank's Kushtia branch, said they have already handed over the CCTV footages to the police.

nltk 87|Robiul Islam, officer-in-charge (investigation) of Kushtia Model Police Station, said they have detained the two night guards for quizzing and will resume their investigation after watching the CCTV footages.

nltk 88|said former France international Deschamps, who led Marseille to the league title last year.

nltk 89|Two-time Wimbledon champion Petra Kvitova was injured after an attack by a knife-wielding burglar at her home in the eastern Czech town of Prostejov, her spokesman said on Tuesday.

nltk 89|She sacked two coaches before winning the Wuhan Open in China in October after a 13-month title drought.

nltk 89|She added a victory at Zhuhai, China in November and was on the Czech Republic team that won the Fed Cup later that month, beating France for its fifth title in six years.

nltk 89|On December 1, Kvitova hired a new coach, Czech Jiri Vanek, who had led her Fed Cup teammate Karolina Pliskova to this year's US Open final.

nltk 89|Kvitova was hoping to start next year at Sydney on January 8 to warm up for the Australian Open the following week.

nltk 90|-- Police suspect the attacker died in the explosion  -- Three people injured  At least one person was killed and three others were injured in a bomb attack at a mosque of Ahmadiyya Muslim community during Juma prayer in Bagmara upazila of Rajshahi today.

nltk 90|Motiar Rahman, officer-in-charge of Bagmara Police Station, told our Rajshahi correspondent that the attack took place inside Chokpara Ahmadiyya Jamaat Mosque in Mochmoil area of the upazila.

nltk 90|The injured were rushed to Bagmara Upazila Health Complex, he added.

nltk 90|Md Salauddin, in-charged with publicity (muezzin) of the community’s Rajshahi unit, however said the attacker could not be identified.

nltk 90|Locals said the followers of Ahle Hadith Andolon Bangladesh (Ahab), which runs a mosque around 15 feet from the Ahmadiyya’s teen-shed one, might have carried out the attack.

nltk 91|A burglar who tried to rob Jose Mourinho's house while the Manchester United manager watched the Euro 2016 final has been sentenced to four weeks in prison.

nltk 91|The Portuguese was watching his country take on France in the tournament decider, in which Eder scored an injury-time goal to secure the Seleccao's first ever major title, when a maid discovered a man trying to break in via a basement door.

nltk 91|Gabor Roman, 25, of no fixed address, was sentenced to four weeks in jail by Westminster magistrates.

nltk 92| Burglary at four Rangpur schools.

nltk 92|Burglars equipped with sharp weapons ransacked office rooms of four schools in Rangpur city and looted cash, documents and a national flag early yesterday, said police.

nltk 92|Afan Ullah High School, Mahiganj Girls' High School and College, Mahiganj Government Primary School, and Mahiganj Kindergarten School are in Mahiganj area.

nltk 92|Meherul Islam, the night guard of Afan Ullah High School, said a gang of 10 members with sharp weapons rushed to the spot by a microbus.

nltk 92|A general diary was filed with Rangpur Sadar Police Station regarding the incident.

nltk 93| Kishoreganj Sonali Bank burglary: Manager among 16 quizzed.

nltk 93|Star file photo  A total of 16 people including, the manager of a Sonali Bank branch in Kishoreganj where a robbery took place Saturday, were quizzed today.

nltk 93|Kishoreganj Model police took the 16 people this morning to their police station for interrogation, reports our Kishoreganj correspondent.

nltk 93|The people have been taken to the police station so that law enforcers could get primary information on the incident, said Abdul Malek, officer-in-charge of Kishoreganj Model Police Station.

nltk 93|SM Mahfuzul Haque Nuruzzaman, deputy inspector general of police (Dhaka Range), went to visit the branch of Sonali Bank at Isa Khan Road in Rathkhola area of the district town.

nltk 94| Two detained in Philippines in online child abuse raid: officials.

nltk 94|Four minors have been rescued and two suspects detained in the Philippines following a raid on an apartment where children were made to disrobe for Internet cameras, the judicial officials said yesterday.

nltk 94|The Manila raid followed a tip-off from the United States Department of Homeland Security, said Dante Bonoan, anti-human trafficking division chief of the justice department's National Bureau of Investigation.

nltk 94|"The exploited minors were asked to show their sex parts to their clients," he told reporters, adding that the website's paid subscribers were mostly from the United States, Canada and European countries.

nltk 94|Police say the Philippines is a key centre of the fast-growing global industry that streams live images of children forced to commit sex acts for paedophiles abroad, with thousands of children in the impoverished nation abused.

nltk 94|Police in Britain, Australia and the Philippines announced last month that they had jointly dismantled a paedophile ring that streamed live sexual abuse of Filipino children as young as six over the web.

nltk 95|In a statement, SNAP said members from Belgium, Germany, the Netherlands and the United States had travelled to The Hague to urge prosecutors to investigate the head of the Roman Catholic Church.

nltk 96| Huckle faces life sentences for Malaysia child abuse.

nltk 96|A British man is facing multiple life sentences for numerous sex crimes against Malaysian children which he boasted about on the "dark web".

nltk 96|The 91 charges related to 23 children from mainly poor communities in the Malaysian capital of Kuala Lumpur.

nltk 96|Huckle, a practising Christian, first visited Malaysia on a teaching gap year when he was 18 or 19.

nltk 97|It is rapidly increasing their vulnerability towards online sexual abuse in Bangladesh.

nltk 97|Bangladeshi school students are more likely to adhere to peer pressure in using internet and hence getting exploited online.

nltk 97|The writer is an Advocate, Chittagong Judge's Court, Chittagong.

nltk 98| Pakistan probes child abuse scandal.

nltk 98|Seven people have been arrested in eastern Pakistan on suspicion of involvement in a child sexual abuse and extortion scandal.

nltk 98|Child sex abuse is widespread in parts of Pakistan, especially in the countryside.

nltk 98|Saba Sadiq, the head of Punjab's child protection bureau, described the case as "the largest child abuse scandal in Pakistan's history", the AFP news agency reports.

nltk 99|The rate of children being killed in the country had increased by 61 percent in 2014 than that of the previous year, according to a statistics of Bangladesh Shishu Adhikar Forum (BSAF) and it's not looking good at all for this year either.

nltk 99|Following the recent gruesome murders of three children, NGOs, law enforcers, rights organisations and international organisations have expressed serious concern over child abuse in Bangladesh.

nltk 99|Thirteen-year-old Samiul Alam Rajon was beaten to death in Sylhet last month; twelve-year-old Rakib was tortured to death in Khulna on August 3, as two men inserted a high-pressure air pump nozzle into his rectum; and 10-year-old Rabiul was beaten to death for “stealing fish” in Barguna on Wednesday.

nltk 99|Besides, the body of a minor boy, aged around eight to nine years, was found in an abandoned travel bag in front of Dhaka Medical College Hospital last week.

